haha get it you spent time with what I
am that's the beauty of it that's that I
counter picked you all ways my girl I
gotta say hi oh she looks like she
belongs in a ps2 game upward special I
like that from a movie yeah that's a
cool move that's cool character I'm glad
I paid money for this I hope you guys
are ready for more violent content cuz I
am ready to make it but first let me
tell you guys that I am almost at 2
million subscribers so if you would
please subscribe because I got more
pilot content on the way and I'm not
gonna waste any more of your time please
subscribe bye wow I cannot pronounce
that what gehrig come on threw me off
its first grade Greg mock Greg mom if
you're watching give Joe back his
blue-eyes White Dragon I guess no fair
and square containers oh that's my one
one I $5.99 oh let me just do my armor
to Falcon punch but again though please
the dearly smashed Kirby's looking all
guys oh yeah see it just a second too
late
[Music]
I can explain God they really messed
around mater cute huh third if I just
constantly have armor how can they help
let's do at the same time Braden okay
three two one go no oh I got sauce okay
yeah I don't know what that option three
times okay well I don't think that has
no one's targeting you
my Wario is practice to say the leaves
oh no I on Smarties you yes by having
worse reactions
we have cuphead yet oh my god you're
right let me go by cuphead oh wait
fires past two let's buy this we can get
six more fire in home characters real
quick look I know everyone loves cup hat
I love cup head but I am very glad that
he didn't make it into the game because
he would have been Mega Man 2 let's be
honest we get a lot of stuff I wish I
could listen to that cuphead song but
it's copy written so oho sorry
oh I hate this just wait until they put
minecraft Steve over sword fighter no
he's gonna be his own character I
believe you want to drink out of me
[Music]
that's the no Braeden I do not okay Oh
yep you certainly did get grabbed at
zero huh oh my god I have a funny
special so somebody's happy careful Joe
you can't say weird
gingka I'm trying to turn you down baby
[Laughter]
and they're gonna charge you to me I'll
play it out later what do you want me to
say all right Joe already he's just
letting it rip all right whoa wait just
let him go I know I bye yep sure did
okay got him truly the gentleman's game
yeah got that crimson flower flaw line
[Music]
yeah that's it no I got this punished
don't worry guys that was fundamental
gameplay right there so I solved this on
Twitter and it terrifies me because
we've seen something like this happen
before do you not hear me oh my god I'd
really file it destroys cloud
oh my god that's only lawful wait thanks
for inviting me over to play okay I
forgot for a second forgot though that's
like a point of this video hey I'm
playing game and watch man you can't
blame me yeah his brain has been off for
a solid two minutes at this point I love
watching the game and watch at work
it's really a sight to see you honestly
don't know what's coming next Rob Lee a
down smash there's a good chance it's
gonna be a Down smash so sick though I'm
playing in no one's clean oh yeah
especially not violent make it stuff
that's what you get for not paying $5.99
for your character man no side only not
join the deal
all right good start all right are you
sure this let go
yeah all right Joe you're one whack or
whack away from winning this game all
right let let me earn it you get one
gentleman you had one chance yeah oh my
god that was just constant thank you I
try my best
though I mean why is there just not a
fire emblem representative for every
game at this point it's really not don't
wish that into existence I got fans I'm
a DLC character so like I only need two
let's be honest good job I did it yep
whoa I realize how big it actually was
just want to jab oh my god okay I now
understand no oh I just feel like I'll
uh Catherine I that pile of gameplay oh
my god I got the longest sword in the
game you had no range on my key to the
tango excuse me coming through
Wow I know why am I doing this well
hello what hello whoa I kill now I'm
sorry
Oh to you that's how I heard this exact
to get that [__] me dude okay everybody
back to you
yeah that's depressing stop that I did
I'm not done yet that's a way to do it
okay so yeah that's the thing
break it up you two I'm so sorry
just IBM it'll be okay
rich I wanna be one I really want to
play by us without PK fire adding
another Marth just makes commentators
jobs that much harder Oh God and come on
that's got me now if you want here since
it worked against me oh my god Wow that
just breaks your shield oh wow
ya know do whatever you want you one
watch it it's just so stupid cuz you
really can't pressure me offstage
cool I'm just kind of in disbelief at
that yeah you I don't really have jokes
anymore I'm just kind of surprised of
what this character can do and why that
does 21% fast yeah Wow
thanks for the tipper mechanic Sakurai I
[Music]
love it being my god it gave me hope
oh it's so ready for that spot dog holy
[__]
III delayed it perfectly these
characters so sick you know outside of
all the timeline leading you out neutral
nope Oh No okay careful now
[Music]
the one time you're not safe offstage
well that yeah getting my job hundred
that was kind of hype though
[Music]